hey guys this is a super I Channel and
today we're going to look at all of star
strikes upgrades the first attack you
get shoots a star bullet and your B
attack which spins to flex it again and
again this year why attack that you get
a star fall where it makes star bullets
fall down from the sky that you summoned
this one makes the damage a wider area
and then this upgrade makes the spin
have a bigger radius and then this
upgrade lets you rapidly shoot stars
while you're deflecting the star bullet
like little mini air stars the path up
here upgrades the star fall the one down
here I chose upgrades the spinning like
the spin with your fans and your star
bullet the giant one this upgrade for
the path lets you deflect it with two
other smaller star bullets this one
makes your armor increased and this one
lets it be deflected off for time into
max like the max damage is upgraded we
need to flecked it four times and our
soul gem lets or even shoot faster but
their little star bullets really hard to
explain but it'll be much easier on you
see it
see this little star boy this big one
right here
I hit it four times the damage HD
Superman this the max worth seven with
very good there we go does 70 damage you
can see the other two bullets I can even
explain it there it is there there they
are right there so this is the first
time second third fourth so here's our
spinning attack they're like you don't
like this star boy very very powerful
especially in player-versus-player if
you're just getting tired of so on
beating you a lot you give this path and
you will be defeating
now when she's doing this you can shoot
others star bullets these ones the ones
back home little
now the upgrades go by they'd like you
shoot it faster is one that she first
started out it was kind of slow
no it's for why attack but stars fall on
enemies or you can press B their spin
attacks to deflect them and it is a
really good technique to use if a whole
bunch of enemies are surrounding you
let's just let them come by stage
indestructible cages whole bunch of
chompy's come hear me and this is what
Stars falling and shooting this bar at
the same time
should help you get rid of large amount
of enemies
your way oh they'll be the end of this
video hope you enjoyed it
stay tuned for other upgrade path videos
that we'll be doing later in the future
or check out the ones that we already
did going to muck out all of rip to top
upgrade upgrade so